this is for third and the chance to go
to Monza with the point's lead
perhaps for Lewis Hamilton
five laps after this Timo Glock in third
Nelson Piquet back up to fourth Lewis
Hamilton in fifth and Jessie believing
by 1.2 across the line from Adam Carroll
looks as though zubrin's just got a
little in hand over the Ulsterman how
much go good so again there Martin great
Oh but this time he's running outside
it's the essence pushing soon but did
you see those tires spin up as he got
under the globe I have to suffer yes
that makes him so so here comes pk now
how far to the pit world is Lewis give a
squeeze and when he comes because he
will come he doesn't need to PK's being
the outside line like the sinner races
at Brazil
fantastic that's exactly what he'll for
wasn't there because direct scratching
the two of them cow makes the early
morning start the driving all the more
worthwhile definitely definitely
it just between the two of them are just
you know just Hamilton looks hungry it
isn't he looks more prepared to bit for
a fight
look at that imagine the Phil that one
is always on his tires from that inside
line when he came down here then he
partly cleaned it getting past that
Durango car earlier on and respect
o'clock as well he was the Vaishali legs
he wasn't a fair all fair just just
leaving enough room they must have been
about six inches of perfect absolute a
pass yep PK was little unlucky not to
get passed to block as well there but
this is at the end of the previous lap
or the last lap to the one they're on
now and again just lifting magazine
support magazine saying that the reason
GP 2 is great is because it's full of
hungry drivers well yes agree I mean
three thousands was full of hungry
drivers and the racing was generally
pretty dull it comes a month again with
a greater audience peas carry
right next site no clocks having none of
it well Glock was glued to the inside
line the other side he knew exactly what
was going on why to try and make sure I
got a good lock just made a tactical
error they're just trying to make sure
he got loads of revs on to the front
straight he just ran slightly too wide
Lewis got underneath him
forced Locke to miss the apex and made
him slower to the front straight well
that's what Lewis was looking for the
last time we saw him had that big snap
sideways under full power and there he
got the drive it's you see now that's
the great thing it's not just great
under braking this thing's got great
traction as well it has but it was help
there by block just just get just
getting it wrong just chose the wrong
route really block you need to stir went
the wrong way of fortunately but but
great stuff shifting gear changes as you
can see there Lewis Hamilton with his
fingers changing gear all the way
through lock it takes an extreme wide
line really and just didn't really lose
being quite so close I don't think a bit
too much Mallory Park hairpin there and
yeah not enough defense
but then he knew what a tow he given
away on the straight and he could think
the exactly the same thing was going to
happen sort of devil and the deep blue
sea when the guy coming up behind it's
not so much speed yes yeah because if
block had gotten tighter there then
Hamilton would have gone wide and got a
I've got a Federalist rate and would
have been towed in anyway so you know
it's difficult to the block to defend
now and this is where he set up for the
long towed out to the final couple of
corners is he close enough through this
fast right-hander over the hill into the
braking area at the other side I think
he might be here he comes here he comes
what Adam Carroll got under braking well
you saw how to move on to the racing
line formality well happening to the
fastest him at middle sector of the race
they're phenomenal and Jose Eber from
second on the grid claims a momentous
first GP to win for himself a great
result that what a race that is the
performance of the championship from
Lewis Hamilton what a stunning stunning
race all right drop the ball
prodigiously with a big spin on lap two
this
the order to I don't know the mid-teens
but these pumps up there is new oh my
goodness he won't be able to sleep
tomorrow that's mine sir the package